Include Runtime diagnostic tool guide (#7796)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/troubleshooting/utilizing-runtime-diagnostic-tool.md

The tool can be configured using the [Configuration Guide](#configuration-guide) provided below. The output of the tool can be analyzed using the [Analysis Guide](#analysing-runtime-issues-with-the-wso2-runtime-diagnostic-tool) provided below.

## Components

There are four main components in the tool:

- **Memory Watcher**: Monitors the memory usage of the server and executes the configured Action Executors when the memory usage exceeds the threshold.
- **CPU Watcher**: Monitors the CPU usage of the server and executes the configured Action Executors when the CPU usage exceeds the threshold.
- **Traffic Analyzer**: Monitors the traffic of the server and generates logs when the traffic pattern suddenly changes significantly.
- **Log Watcher**: Monitors the error logs of the server and executes the configured Action Executors when the log pattern matches the configured pattern.

## Configuration Guide

> The tool is packaged inside the product distribution with default configurations. The configurations can be customized based on the user requirements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool is packaged inside the product distribution with default configurations. The configurations can be customized based on user requirements. 
```

### Server Configurations

> Given table below is the description of the server configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table given below describes the server configurations.
```

| `updates_config_path` | Path to the updates config file.                    |
| `diagnostic_log_file_path` | Path to write the diagnostic log file.              |
| `carbon_log_file_path` | Path to the carbon error log (wso2error.log) file.  |
| `process_id_path` | Path to the process id file (wso2carbon.pid).       |
| `server_name` | Name of the WSO2 server.                            |
| `server_version` | Version of the WSO2 server.                         |

Given below is a sample configuration for the WSO2 API Manager.

```toml
[server_configuration]
deployment_toml_path = "../conf/deployment.toml"
logs_directory = "../repository/logs"
updates_config_path = "../updates/config.json"
diagnostic_log_file_path = "logs/diagnostics.log"
carbon_log_file_path = "../repository/logs/wso2error.log"
process_id_path = "../wso2carbon.pid"
server_name = "WSO2 API Manager"
server_version = "#.#.#"
```

### Action Executor Configurations

Currently, the tool supports the following action executors.

| Action Executor | Description                                                             |
| --- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `ThreadDumper` | Runs the jstack tool to take thread dump and writes the output a file.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ThreadDumper` | Runs the jstack tool to take thread dump and writes the output to a file.     |
```

| `MemoryDumper` | Takes a heap dump                                                          |

> | `OpenFileFinder` | Finds the open files by the server process and writes the output a file. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OpenFileFinder` | Finds the open files by the server process and writes the output to a file. |
```

| `Netstat` | Dumps the network statistics of the server to a file.                           |

> | `ServerInfo` | Dumps the server information such as name, verstion etc.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ServerInfo` | Dumps the server information such as name, version, etc.                     |
```

```

### Log error patterns

| Configuration | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| --- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| regex | Directory to store the zip files                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| executors | The action executors to be triggered when the threshold is reached. (Comma separated)                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | reload_time | Continuous error log which matches the regex patter won't be processed again and again unless the reload_time has elapsed. An error log which matches a certain regex pattern will only be processed after the reload time interval where a similar error log was processed before. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| reload_time | Continuous error logs that match the regex pattern won't be processed repeatedly unless the reload_time has elapsed. An error log which matches a certain regex pattern will only be processed after the reload time interval whereas a similar error log was processed before. |
```
